The following transcript is from a YouTube video. Here is what the speaker said about this particular video.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOO8Wt_i72s

This video reveals the single biggest front-end workflow unlock our team has discovered: using the Playwright MCP to give Claude Code vision. I'll show you how to set up an orchestration layer that allows Claude Code to control the browser, take screenshots, and iteratively self-correct its own designs, turning it into a pixel-perfect design partner.

I break down my exact Claude Code workflow, including high-level principles, my claude.md file, custom subagents for design reviews, and powerful slash commands that create an agentic loop for incredible results. I hope this helps!


The transcript follows.


I keep tweeting about the workflow I'm about to show you, and every
single time I do the tweet goes viral.
Why?
Because it unlocks the missing 90% of Claude Code's
incredible design capabilities.
If you are using Claude Code Cursor or any other coding
agent for frontend development.
You need to hear this.
If you are anything like I used to be, you prompt for a great looking
modern design just to end up with the same generic shad CN purple
UI that you see all over Twitter.
Gideon Pixel perfect refinements feels impossible, and like you're just going
around in circles trying to convince the model to please just do what you asked it.
I hate to break it to you, but those cookie cutter designs
aren't the model's fault.
It's the environment that you're placing those agents in.
You're taking an incredible.
PhD level intelligence and you're forcing it to design with
essentially blindfolds on the models.
They can't see their own designs.
They can only see the code that they're writing, or in other words,
they're only using the tech side of their modality, not the vision side.
What I'm about to show you is a massive unlock.
Our team is found.
It's a single tool that gives the AI eyes, the c, the missing link in a workflow all
built around the playwright MCP, allowing these agents to control the browser, take
screenshots, iteratively self-correct on their designs, and to do so much more.
I'll take you through my exact workflows that will give you design superpowers,
including the setup for subagents slash commands, the playwright CP
config details, and also how I've customized my claw.md file in addition
to some other hard one insights.
I'll also sneak in some of the most powerful mental models and tactics
that we've discovered for getting the most outta cloud code along the way.
Feel free to reference the descriptions, timestamps to skip
around to what's most relevant to you.
By the way, I'm Patrick, the CTO and co-founder of an AI native startup who's
been using Cloud Code heavily since it was first released back in February.
This workflow is the single.
Biggest front end unlock that we found.
We have the honor of working with the world's largest brands, including Google,
Coca-Cola, Disney, Nike, Microsoft, and others who expect world-class designs.
So we're constantly looking for ways to get any edge that we can, and I hope you
can benefit from these workflows too.
So with that, let's dive in.
What is Playwright & The Playwright MCP?
PLAYWRIGHT is a framework developed by Microsoft that is actually more
for web testing and automation, allowing you to navigate around
the browser and take screenshots and do different end-to-end tests.
But what's really, really powerful for our purposes is the MCP that they've released.
So I'll go ahead and show you the playwright.
Hit Hub page.
As you can see, we've got over almost 76,000 stars at
the time of this recording.
They highlight Chromium web kit and Firefox as different
browsers that you have access to.
But if I navigate over to the Microsoft slash playwright dash MP repository,
we've got a bunch of read me items, including Quick Start Guide here
for Cloud code and other agents.
As you can see, it is really easy to add.
Playwright to cloud code, but I will revisit this in a second to
give you a few more configuration details that you wanna include.
Now that you know a little bit more about playwright, I want to introduce
Core Concept #1: The Orchestration Layer
you to the key concept that I keep coming back to as I add new tools, and
in this case, for a design workflow.
And that is this orchestration layer.
See, what we want to do is you want to put cloud code.
In a framework to give it a foundation where it's able to have all the context
it needs, all the tools to go out and take actions or get additional
context and then clear validation.
State examples of good and bad outcomes, dial guides or anything else that
can give it a definitive example of what is needed in terms of output.
So if you have the validation such as a UI mock or a style guide, you
have the tools such as of course, playwright in this case, and you have
the context, well written prompts and documentation, you will get so
much more success out of Claude Code than it comes just out of the box.
So in this case, we are focusing mostly on the playwright tool and also
the validation step, which is baked into some of my sub-agent workflows.
The second key insight that really brings the 10 x and the 10 x design flow is
this idea of an iterative agentic loop.
Core Concept #2: The Iterative Agentic Loop
Imagine as we get more and more capable models, what we want to do is you want to
give them access to more and more of our workflow so that they can not just run
for five minutes, but they could run for.
Half an hour or an hour, or even longer than that.
The huge unlocks that we get in productivity come from this iteration
loop that allow these agents to not just run for longer, as I mentioned,
but also to come to much better outputs.
We need a fixed.
Spec or validator in order to iterate against so that we can compare the
output that Claude code gets again and again until we get exactly
the output that we're expecting.
In this case, you can imagine Claude Code first looks at a spec, so style
guide, a UI, mock, whatever you're providing, and the prompt and some
of these other bits of context, and then you allow it to go ahead and.
Tool check or look at the playwright screenshot in our case and compare
that iteratively to what it's building and back to the spec.
So if it's able to go out.
Make some changes, take a screenshot, look at that, and
then identify, oh shoot, this.
SVG is nowhere close to what the user asked me, and then go back again.
That iterative loop is what really gets us to these full agentic workflows
and saves us a ton of time because we can kick off a process, go work on
something else, and not have to babysit it and prompt five different times
in order to get to the end result.
You have that context built in.
Core Concept #3: Tapping Into the Model's Visual Intelligence
And the final big conceptual piece here is thinking about the training
data that is under Claude Code, specifically Opus 4.1 and sonnet four.
What do they have in their neural nets, or what circuits do they have in their minds?
When it comes to good design, if you think about it, this is just an estimation
here, but the common crawl and text makes up the majority of the training data.
So this is books, just general stuff on the internet, but we also have
code that these foundation labs are training more and more on, and then we
have images and the multimodal models.
Multimodal meaning, of course, you're bringing in all kinds of
different modalities, including images and texts in this case.
The thing is though, when we're typically using Claude code, we're not tapping
into the images side or the visual modality within Claude Code indirectly,
we get a little bit of that benefit, but we're really just looking at code best
practices and other design principles, but we're not allowing the model to use its
intellect when it comes to understanding and looking at visual design.
So we're missing out.
On all that intelligence in the model.
All those neurons, if you will, or circuits that help
the model parse visual bits.
And that's where being able to provide a screenshot via the playwright MCP
Key Playwright MCP Capabilities
unlocks all of that potential, which as you can imagine when you're looking
at designs, that is a huge, huge help.
Versus not being able to think about things from a visual perspective,
but more from an abstract or coding best practices perspective.
So the playwright MCP.
Getting all that additional visual context.
Unlocks a lot of intelligence as well from cloud code.
So if I go back here, we can scroll down to a few of the playwright
capacities that are most helpful.
The first is being able to automatically capture screenshots.
So you can imagine allowing Claude code to open up pages that you're
working on, or to automatically trigger that through a Claw MD configuration.
Subagent or a slash command that you can run, which I'll show you in a second here.
This is the most powerful piece because it unlocks the vision modality within cloud
code and allows you to enhance its ability to think critically through designs, and
also to see pixel perfect captures of different UI elements that need to change.
The second one is being able to read browser console logs, so having
access to both the browser console logs and the network logs in order to
basically view them and automatically read and make changes as needed.
We can also emulate different devices in various browser sizes.
So you're essentially setting the chrome or whatever browser
window when it launches.
And you can also emulate, for example, an iOS device.
You can navigate around the browser.
So you can click around.
Interfor field data in cloud code can automatically look at
7 Powerful Workflows Unlocked by Playwright
context and make the next step.
Okay, so that's awesome, but what does it actually get us?
In terms of workflows?
These are the best workflows that I've found.
The first, that is mostly the theme of this video, is being able to genetically
iterate on the front end using the screenshots and the logs that it, it
gathers, and this is the key to really producing much better looking UIs.
The second is automatically being able to fix any obvious UI errors
or errors that are in the console.
Then you have the ability, and this is really cool to navigate the browser.
You can imagine if you have a user spec of I do X, Y, Z, and I get an error, or
there's a visual error when this state happens, you can ask CLA code to navigate
in that same method, click buttons, enter form field data, and navigate
around in order to reproduce a certain state and then grab the console logs.
Or any other context that's needed in order to help solve your issue.
Another cool workflow is being able to visually render and screenshot
or scrape different reference URLs.
So you can imagine if you put in a URL or a couple of them that reference
a beautiful design or a website that you would like some inspiration from,
you can include that in your prompt or spec, and then let playwright go
out, navigate that locally on your browser and take a screenshot of
those pages or get any other context.
And then you have the original intent of playwright, which is the automated
end-to-end testing or any accessibility audits, being able to ask it to go
and look for any accessibility issues.
We have mobile responsive testing, which is really helpful, even if you just do a
quick tablet, desktop and mobile view port size, or of course, emulating like an iOS
device to just get a quick gut check on if there are any mobile responsive issues.
One kind of cool use case that I actually had cloud code come up with on
its own is being able to scrape data.
I was using Fire Crawl to gather some data, which is another MCP from a few
websites, and it got a 4 0 3 IE. It was blocked on a couple of them, so it went
ahead and spun up a new playwright browser in order to load that same webpage and
then gather all the data on its own, which I thought was pretty clever and just
cool to see these emergent properties.
And on that note, what's so cool is that these CPS can allow Claude
code to do so much more than just.
In the coding modality or in how we typically think
of, for example, playwright.
It really gives it full access to your browser to be a full browser based agent,
and you can imagine from the data scraping idea to automatically logging in and
submitting data or getting to a certain insight in your app, or just navigating
Deep Dive: Playwright MCP Installation & Configuration
a website to do almost anything.
This is a really powerful unlock for Clyde code.
Alright, I'm gonna show you a couple key installation details that you
may want to consider when configuring playwright, in addition to my subagents
Pod MD file customizations slash commands and a few other details that
have been a huge game changer for me.
So with that, you can see we're able to configure different browsers.
This is done at the MCP config level.
So with some MTCE configurations, you'll define it in a JSO blob like this, and
you can see, you can apply different arguments, but that could alternatively
be the browser that you want.
So, two I wanna call out are the browser that you're using.
Also a device if you want to emulate, for example, in the iPhone 15.
And then another one that's really interesting is being able to
run in headless or headed mode.
I usually run it just in the default, which is headed, so I can see it up and,
and, uh, navigating the browser, you can easily grab in the installation section
for Claude Code, just this one line here.
In order to install the MCP, I can just run this sample and command.
Uh, in this case, I've already got playwright installed of course, so
I'll go ahead and fire up Claude.
And now if I type forward slash cp, you can see that I've got it installed
here along with a couple other cps.
This is just my personal website, uh, for demonstration purposes, so I don't have.
I just have a, a couple MCP options here.
Here you can see exactly what configuration it's using and arguments
that it's applying, and you can also view the tools, which show the many different
tools that it gives cloud code access to.
There is a vision mode for playwright, which allows it to use coordinate based
operations instead of the default, which is the accessibility map, which
is basically just a way to navigate the different elements within a website, which
is a lot faster and easier, but for some.
Applications, it can be better to use vision mode.
So that's another argument you might want to consider using.
Supercharging Your Workflow: The CLAUDE.md File Explained
I know these config files like a Cursor Rules or Clot MD can sound pretty boring
when you first think about it, but in this case, if you watch philanthropics.
Different YouTube videos or if you read through all their documentation
and guides, they really think about these Cloud MD files as
being memory for the agents.
So everything you write here is basically put right after the system prompt when
you start up any cloud code session.
So any details that you want to be brought in to every single session that
you're using, shortcuts that prevent Claude code from having to go grip
around and grab a bunch of context or any best practice or rules that you want
it to follow, like a style guide or get.
Styles.
Uh, so like how do you want commits and branches and PR structured all
that should live in something like this so that it's pulled in automatically.
And what that means is just one less thing.
It's essentially an automation, one less thing that you have to worry about
every time you're using cloud code.
That just abstracts it away from your mind.
And it's also portable so other people on your team can take that exact same
Claude config file and move it around.
So with that, one of the biggest lifts when it comes to playwright
My CLAUDE.md Setup for Agentic Design Loops
in terms of getting that age agentic loop that keeps moving.
Is to add a configuration down here that speaks to that.
So I've got this visual development section and in there I've got
a design principles spot here.
This basically just points Claude to a few different documents that
I provided in this context folder.
I'm a big fan of doing this where I'll just drop a bunch
of context in this folder.
So in my case, it's.
Like, uh, for a personal website summary of my LinkedIn, uh, kind of my
life story listed out a bit, but also design principles and a style guide
that I want Claude code to follow.
So if I open up the design principles file, you can see this is just a long
list of a bunch of different principles.
I want Claude code to follow.
In this case, I actually used Gemini Deep Research on all the best
design principles for a specific aesthetic that I like a lot.
I had it make that into a much more concise markdown file, went through,
edited a few things, and then I used that as my design principles MD file.
I do find that doing the deep research approach for SEO best
practices or design best practices or backend architectural principles.
Is an amazing way to kickstart what you're working on, especially if it's a little
bit out of your domain of expertise.
Incredible way to use just this massive amount of knowledge
and to make it actionable.
Going from collecting that knowledge in a deep research platform into an
actionable thing that an agent like Claude Code can take and run with.
And then if I go down here, this is where I lay out specifically how I want Claude
Code to use the playwright browser on a kind of a normal day-to-day level.
Whenever you're.
Doing anything that involves the front end, I want it to go ahead and navigate
to the pages that were impacted by those front end changes, and then
reference this verification step of the, uh, orchestration framework
by using these markdown documents.
And then look for any of that acceptance criteria that may
have been laid out in the prompt.
I had written, so Claude Code can look and see what exactly I supplied.
So again, this could be a UI mockup, this could be just some text and other
instructions that I give it a Figma MCP.
There's all kinds of acceptance criteria that could have
been brought into the prompt.
And then I wanted to just pull up the.
Normal browser size that I've got here for the desktop viewport.
You could also have this be a mobile or tablet size or include all three of 'em.
But just for the sake of time, I just want to quickly open
up the window and, and look.
And then of course I also want to check for any console errors,
'cause that's a huge time saver.
In addition to that, I want it to sometimes go into a
comprehensive design review.
So this is where it will use the subagent that I created that
I'll mention in a second here.
In order to go ahead and do a much deeper dive than just this
quick test that I showed above.
If I'm creating a pr, I want it to go ahead and do that, or any very
significant ui, ux, refactors, and a few other key details that I want it
to remember, just to make sure that it doesn't try to bring in any new
frameworks or libraries or anything.
Pro Tip: Learning from Anthropic's Official Examples
One powerful trick I want to call out here.
This is a huge tip and I've learned so much by doing this.
Is being able to go reference the examples that Anthropic gives when it comes to
how to configure any sort of document, but especially things like subagents,
the Cloud MD file slash commands and actions that run in GitHub, for example.
So the first thing I just wanna point out is their GitHub.
They've got a lot of great stuff in here, some actual courses.
Uh, the cookbook, which is a lot of different examples of interesting
ways to use Claude, and then also the Claude Code Security Review Repo.
It's a slash command.
So just as a reminder, whenever you type forward slash it's,
it's these commands that come up.
And I've got a few custom ones that I built in accordance with this
convention where you have a dot Claude folder, and then in the there you've
got a commands folder, and then you can create these marked on files.
So what I'll do is I'll just look at.
What is Anthropic doing?
Like how are they structuring these commands or these subagents?
And there's a lot of cool stuff in here.
For example, in this case, this ability to basically just take
your working or work in progress files that are not in a PR yet.
So this was a great little workflow I borrowed and just looking at how
they structure things, how they use capital, all caps in certain cases.
Overall, it's, it's great to learn from exactly how they're building things.
Another guide I would highly recommend, I've recommended this to so many
people is the Claude Code Best Practices for Agentic Coding Guide.
This is, does a great job, especially for things like CLO md, uh, breaking
out exactly how to structure things in the methodology behind it all.
Creating a Custom 'Design Reviewer' Sub-Agent
And then I would also recommend the documentation.
It's very well put together a lot of great examples
specifically for Claude Code here.
Alright, so with that I'll go ahead and show you my dot claw directory.
Then we've got an agent's directory and a commands directory.
So in agents you can see I've got the design reviewer.
Just as a quick example, in order to invoke this, I'll just do at agent design
review and I could give it like a PR or more instructions, like, please review
the last three commits that I've made, and that's gonna go ahead and kick off.
Agent design reviewer.
You can see here it's pretty intelligent.
It's going ahead and using get to just grab the last three commits and
it's gonna go ahead and launch the agent in order to follow the exact
workflow that I laid out there.
So while it's running, I'm gonna go ahead and show you that workflow.
So I've got a name description of what it's doing.
You can see it's a design review agent that is able to look at pull
requests or general UI changes.
And then I give it specific access to different tools.
Uh, so I'm able to explicitly ask it to use just basically playwright context
seven, which is for documentation, a really great MCP as well.
And then also the built-in, uh, tools that you typically give an agent.
I'm having it used sonnet for this kind of work.
I feel like I haven't noticed a huge difference, bet or any
difference between sonnet and opus and of course sonnets way cheaper.
And then I just give it this description of what I'm asking it to do.
So in this case, I am channeling trying to get to the areas within its
its circuits or it's it's neural net that are to do with design reviews
and, uh, principle level designers.
So I'll usually give it persona to try to channel that.
And then a few examples.
So Stripe, Airbnb, linear being, uh, some, some cliche classics in Silicon Valley.
And then I give it a core methodology and mission to go on here for reviewing.
And then I give it a step-by-step guide of, uh, exactly how to go
about doing a robust design review, including looking for accessibility,
code, health, or robustness.
So you can see.
It goes through each of these steps.
And then I also give it a format for how exactly I want the report to look and then
just ask it not to do much more than that.
So you can see, um, the structure here and then also the exact, uh, process
for navigating, like which tools to use and when in order to come up with this.
I actually used another deep research report.
I had it go out and basically collect the best.
Design review practices from essentially all of the internet and had it all
How to Create New Agents with Claude Code
filtered through Claude Opus, in this case to shape it up using the
agent creation tool in Claude Code.
In addition to referencing different examples that Anthropic
has put in their GitHub repos.
So just to show that you can go and open up by typing in agents and that will open
this new window that allows you to edit different agents or create a new one.
So I'll start off by just creating a new agent.
I usually just do the current project.
I will almost always do the generate with Claude.
I took the deep research summary, I fed all that into here along with like a
paragraph descriptor of exactly what I want the agent to do, and then I let.
Claude's, um, built-in process here.
Go ahead and create the initial draft of the agent.
And then I took that draft, which was just a markdown file
in the Claude Agent's directory.
But then what I did is I asked Claude code to go ahead and take
the documentation from Anthropics website into review and edit.
The agent markdown file in accordance to what the best practices, layout,
and those examples of other ones that I had to work with in order to really
get a concise, great looking document.
So I did that exact flow for the slash commands, the agent, as I just
mentioned, and my uh, Claude MD file.
And I feel like that really helps you get concise, actionable workflows.
By the way, if you are finding value in this YouTube video, it means a
ton If you would give it a like and subscribe if you're interested in
LIVE DEMO: Running the Design Reviewer Sub-Agent
learning these new AI native workflows.
And as a thank you, I will include in the description links to all of these
files so that you can download them and reference them and use them as you wish.
Alright, so let's go ahead and look at our subagent.
Could you please look at the homepage on my website, the main page, and
give me a detailed review as outlined in the agent review configuration.
So as you can see, that wasn't the best articulated prompt, but
it's enough to get the agent to go ahead and proactively work.
I've got here a window that was opened up, so it's identifying
that we have the port and use.
Okay, great.
So it went ahead and loaded my personal website.
Here it is justing the screen size and it's grabbing screenshots in order to
collect some UI context that it can bring back to see what it needs to fix.
It's pretty surreal watching these work and your mind just starts to go.
A little while thinking of all the applications that you
could use for this to automate different parts of your workflow.
I'm just thinking of all the time I spend doing mobile responsive
testing and also the times I forget to do it in, uh, that ends up in a
bug where this can just solve that.
'cause cloud can come back to us with a fully baked version.
So in this case, it's asking if it wants to go ahead and try submitting the.
Email signup form that I have on my website.
So I'll go ahead and say, yeah, you can see it when typed in, uh, and subscribed
to my newsletter just to get a sense of, uh, the context there for what it
looks like, which is just fantastic.
Also, every time I click yes and don't ask me again, it will, uh, save that into
my local file so that co code knows it can just go ahead and do these things.
Another cool element with these is you can have the subagents call other subagents,
which is really helpful when it comes to.
Creating a network of almost like conditional logic.
So you could have one design reviewer invoke like a mobile designer, for
example, and, uh, other reviewers.
And then in aggregate, all of these have their own context and
they use their own, uh, models.
You can specify if it's sonnet or opus or, or whatever model you want to use.
And because of that, you don't cloud the main context of your, your main thread.
In cloud code.
So you can have a bunch of subagents, go do a bunch of work and summarize
The Final Report: Actionable Design Feedback from the Agent
and bring back the executive report.
For example, a list of to-dos that need to be changed or in
this case a design review report.
If you look over here, we've got the official report back from the
design review agent, and it's got some, uh, some constructive feedback.
An A minus I'll, uh, I'll take it.
Uh, I don't claim to be an amazing designer.
It's got here a few strengths that it lists out.
Some high priority issues to work on.
Multiple image preload warnings affecting performance.
Okay, that's helpful to know.
Third party script error from PTX cloud.net and misconfigured.
Metatag.
More subjective things too, like newsletter iframe needs a
better integration is a great example of where it's using the
vision side of its neural net.
Now, of course, this is a really basic example.
Typically, we're using this on much more.
Meaningful or like new development.
You can imagine how getting this feedback and then having the model actually
address the feedback, creating that iterative loop is really powerful.
Automatically addressing any errors or issues is helpful.
But in this case, what I would typically do is I would just invoke
it, uh, saying like, Hey, could you.
Address the above issues, the, you know, everything within high priority
or maybe I'd outline, you know, just a couple specifics that I want here, but
you can also chain these in different.
Loops, as I mentioned before, with the sub-agent that can call each
Bonus Tip: Parallel Development with Git Worktrees
other very powerful way to iterate ally and automatically to a much
better end result than what you get on just a first poll of cloud code.
One extra bonus I'll throw in for you is this idea of get work trees.
So a big concept within using cloud code that I found to be an extremely big unlock
is doing multiple things in parallel.
You can work on different projects that don't interact with each other.
That's nice.
But I think another strategy that has been really helpful is trying
to change my perspective to have much more of an abundance mindset.
Not feeling like I'm wasting Claudes outputs by scrapping what
it comes up with because these models are stochastic in nature.
You get varied outputs upon each poll or each time you prompt it,
that can be an issue or you can use that in your favor by running
multiple of these at the same time.
In order to do that, what I typically will do is I will use get work trees, so in
this case, I've got another repository.
If I go back here to Patrick to the root.
I've got a second one, which is two, and that is using a GI work tree,
which is a way to very easily set up essentially a copy of your repository
so you can create multiple work trees.
And it's almost like you have three separate versions of your repository, but
it's all within one GI folder in your main repo, and each one has its own branch.
So my case, I've got Patrick Ellis, IO two, I could kick off a Claude code
in both of them and have them both iterate on some front end changes.
Look at the two to kind of ab contrast, which one I think
looks the best and go from there.
Typically, I'll do this with like three different prompts if I want to,
or the same prompts, but kicked off in three different work trees in order
to help get a variety of outputs.
One of my friends took this to another level.
It'll actually kick off three different processes running in GitHub workers using
headless cloud codes that will come up with three different outputs, and then
he'll use another model, another opus to judge which of the three is the best.
Packaging & Scaling Expertise Across Your Team
Another thing that I find is really powerful with these workflows
is the ability to package.
These processes that our team members use.
So maybe we've got an excellent designer or an excellent engineering manager
who's really good at code review or backend architect, or anything else.
What's really neat is being able to package up their expertise into something
like a subagent or a slash command or even an MCP and distribute that
across the team so that you can benefit without even knowing the nuances of
the workflow from an expert designer.
When it comes to providing the model's context in a prompt, I would highly
recommend also including as many visual design elements as you can,
Best Practices for Prompting with Visual Context
as screenshots, so dragging in things like even a low fidelity sketch,
kind of a UX wire frame that you want, or references to other designs.
Obviously a style guide if you have it, or a collection of different.
Inspiration or kind of design board elements that you wanna bring in.
Anything that you can use to channel the visual modality of the model's
intellectual capacity in addition to all the coding details, such as being able
to specify front end frameworks or best practices, things like hex codes for
colors and typography and everything else.
Those two combined are very powerful.
At the end of the day, the performance of these models comes down to context.
Tools and validation steps.
So I hope that this overview of the tools and the validation side has been
really helpful and actionable for you.
Thank you so much for watching and stay tuned for more videos like this.
In the meantime, if you enjoyed this video, I think you'll really enjoy my
recent deep dive with my friends a Anand and Galen at a Seattle Founders Group on
all of our best practices for Claude Code.
At least all that we could fit into our presentation.
You can find that video above, along with my most recent video.